.NET 10 P6 - WinForms (#9951)
dotnet/core: release-notes/10.0/preview/preview6/winforms.md

Here's a summary of what's new in Windows Forms in this preview release:

- [Windows Forms updates in .NET 10](#windows-forms-updates-in-net-10)
- [New Features and enhancements in .NET 10 Preview 6](#new-features-and-enhancements-in-net-10-preview-6)
- [Fixed Issues in .NET 10 Preview 6](#fixed-issues-in-net-10-preview-6)

## Windows Forms updates in .NET 10

- [What's new in Windows Forms in .NET 10](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/desktop/winforms/whats-new/net100) documentation.

## New Features and enhancements in .NET 10 Preview 6

### Dark Mode & Styling

This release brings several improvements to dark mode support in Windows Forms. ListView column headers, StatusStrip, ToolStrip, and buttons with FlatStyle 'Standard' now render correctly in dark mode, including fixes for color issues and regressions introduced in previous versions.

### ScreenCaptureMode API

> New APIs have been introduced to exclude forms and controls from screen capture and a renaming of the ScreenCaptureMode API for clarity and consistency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New security APIs have been introduced to protect forms containing sensitive information from the usual screen capture approaches. Please see the new `FormScreenCaptureMode` property for the `Form` class, and the `ScreenCaptureMode` settings for more information.

```
